hey guys in today I'm going to be
showing you how to install the laser mod
for Minecraft Pocket Edition zero point
nine point five on Android so I've made
the overview of this video of this mod a
vivir a few days ago I think and it's a
really awesome mod and some people are
wondering how to install it because it
is a little bit different than other mod
scripts so I'm going to be showing you
how to get it all working and stuff like
that so in the description click on that
link and download the zip file it is the
laser mod obviously and once you have it
get a file explorer or file browser for
your device if you don't have one I
recommend that you use ES File Explorer
you can see I was moving it there um
that is probably my favorite that is my
favorite actually file explorer for
Android so yeah go with that and I'm
just going to open it up right now and
if you download it in your web browser
it's going to go right to your downloads
folder right here you if you saved it in
another location you obviously know
where that's at so I don't need to
really show that of course so here we
have the zip file so go ahead and click
on that it'll bring you it here and at
the bottom you can see here I'm hitting
the extract button so let's hit extract
and hit okay now let's hit our back
button and you can see it made this
folder called laser mod so we can get
rid of this zip file now just press and
hold on it in at the bottom hit delete
don't need that anymore and now we have
this little folder here so let's go
ahead and open up block launcher pro or
I think black entre free will work just
fine as well and click the wrench up top
hit launcher options and then go to
texture pack hit on hit select down at
the bottom right look for your downloads
folder right here then do see you have
this laser mod folder open that and then
click on the zip file so now we have the
texture added but now we need to go and
add a mod PD mod PE script so click on
this button right here make sure you
have it set to on then click import hit
local storage and at the very top you
have your downloads folder if it's not
there will be in this list somewhere but
you should be right up top so click on
that go in your laser mod folder and
then click on laser mod dot or laser gun
mod is so now it is applied and now we
can go back and actually give it a shot
so let's do it so let's go to creative
world and you can see I have the laser
gun or actually have the laser bazooka
right now there we go turn on the laser
gun you can see that we can use it and
this mod is really really fun like i
said in the overview so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and I'll see you
guys in the next one thanks for watch